# DEPINUS License

## Source Code

The source code of this project is licensed under the **MIT License**.

Copyright (c) 2026 Norbert Huffschmid

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

## Disclaimer
This license does not cover any third-party components or dependencies used in this project. Those components are subject to their own licenses.

## MIDI Files

The majority of MIDI files included in this project are provided by **Bernd Krüger**. For more information, visit his homepage: [http://piano-midi.de/](http://piano-midi.de/).

These MIDI files are licensed under the **Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike (CC BY-SA) Germany License**. This means you may use and adapt the files, as long as you attribute the copyright holder (Bernd Krüger, http://www.piano-midi.de) and distribute any derived works under the same license conditions.

## Basic Pitch

**Basic Pitch** by Spotify AB ([GitHub](https://github.com/spotify/basic-pitch)), is licensed under the [Apache License 2.0](LICENSE_BASIC_PITCH.md).

Basic Pitch is used for audio-to-MIDI conversion.

Copyright 2022 Spotify AB.

More info about the Apache License 2.0 is included in the file LICENSE_BASIC_PITCH.md.

The output (MIDI files) generated by Basic Pitch is not subject to the Apache License, but please ensure you have the rights to the original audio material you convert.
